So let's have a look at CloudWatch Logs.
And for this, on the left hand side
let's go into Log groups.
So as you can see
we already have one log group available to us, which is,
AWS lambda, demo-lambda.
Well that's because before we created a lambda function
that we ran and that automatically
created some log into CloudWatch logs.
So if we click on this function,
and this is what it was doing, he was running this code.
And so if we go into CloudWatch logs
and click on this log group,
we can see we have one or more log streams.
So here's my log stream.
And within log stream, as you can see,
this represents all the log lines that were logged by
my lambda function. So we have the request ID,
the loading function. Then we get some values,
so value one... and so on,
then end of the request ID and end of the reports and we can
play with it. So that means that
any log line logged by my lambda is going to appear here.
So for example, I can change my lambda function,
and say, "print an extra log line",
and then we're going to deploy this and then I'm going to
test my changes.
So we're going to test it with this test events and then
create, and then demo events perfect
and create now tests.
So now my function is running.
And so what should happen is that
if we go back into CloudWatch logs,
go to my log groups and then within log group,
we have a new log stream. This log stream right here,
contains the log line and extra log line. Okay.
So this is excellent. And this is good for just monitoring,
obviously information about your lambda functions,
but also what happens if there's an exception.
So in this case, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to put a hash sign
in front of this line to comment it.
And now we're going to remove the hash sign
from the line 13,
to have this raise exception, something went wrong.
We're going to deploy the changes again
and test our function.
So now something went wrong and what's going to happen is
that if I go into my Lambda,
there's a new log stream, click on this log stream.
And in here, I'm able to see that exception right here,
and we can look at why our function went wrong.
So this is very handy.
That means that every time a Lambda function is going to run
the logs are going to appear in CloudWatch logs.
But this is not just true for lambda functions.
Obviously this is true for any kind of logs that you want to
appear in CloudWatch logs.
So CloudWatch logs is very handy because you can
troubleshoot maybe errors in your programs
or applications and so on by just looking at the log lines,
within your log groups,
for your services or for your applications directly within
CloudWatch Logs.
And then you can do some login analytics, similar things,
some monitoring and so on. Okay.
And this is super cool again,
and something to definitely go deeper into when you are a
DevOps in a company. So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.